Open source updates (#4)
meltwater/esi-include-webpack-plugin: README.md

* ejs

# Need an option or a feature? 
This is an open source project, feel free to submit a PR! If you can't or don't want to, create an issue in the github repo.

# Is it broken?
Please create an issue if you are experiencing any unexpected behavior.

# Contributing

## Where and how to make changes?

> All work shall be done in a branch and PR shall be made to master in this repository. PRs require review and approval by an owner of the project. Upon approval the code will be merged and CI will deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All work shall be done in a branch and PR shall be made to master in this repository. PRs require review and approval by an owner of the project. Upon approval the code will be merged and CI will create a new npm package version.
```

## Commit messages

> Commit messages shall be descriptive and follow the format of [semantic-release][semantic-release-1] as they are used to determine version number changes on publish.

Reviewer: Not sure what's going on with this link to semantic-release?

Do we also want to give an example or two following the guidelines?

Reviewer: ahh nvm on the link; I had no idea you could do that

Author: Thanks for getting back around to reviewing this. I dunno if I want to start putting in examples of semantic release tags. I'm going back and forth on it. It's one reason I linked the docs, hoping people would go look at it. I'm slightly worried about bloating the readme. I'll open an issue about this so we don't forget about it but I'm thinking get this merged and we can expand on that area in a followup.
